README.md, before:

# Experimental: Uncle John's Semantic Kernel Recipes

---

## 📺 Available SK Recipes

* [S1E0 "Trailer: Ode To 🧂 Salt, 🥑 Fat, 🍋 Acid, 🔥 Heat"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e0-trailer)
* [S1E1 "Kernel 🔥 Starter Notebook"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e1-kernel
)
* [S1E2 "Semantic 🧂🔥 Skill Folders"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e2-skills)
* [S1E3 "Simple 🧂🥑🔥 'ChatGPT' Clone"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e3-chat)
* [S1E4 "Secrets To 🧂🔥 Prompting"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e4-secrets)
* ~~S1E5 "Chain Functions Together"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Skills](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/chat-summary-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E6 "Break Memory Limits"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Memories](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/github-qna-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E7 "Stay Fresh With APIs"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Connectors](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/auth-api-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E8 "Bonus: Planner Power"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Planner](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/book-creator-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E9 "Epilogue"~~

#### John's to-do list:

- [ ] Add explanatory figures
- [ ] Include walkthrough videos
- [ ] Add Discord primer

---

This repo is a collection of `.ipynb` (aka "Jupyter notebook") files to be run locally from VS Code with the following requirements:

## 🏁 Prerequisites to getting started with the notebooks in this repo

> 😱 New to GitHub and VS Code? [Beginner instructions are over here.](THE-BASICS.md)

Software that needs to be installed on your computer:

* ✅ [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)
* ✅ The latest [.Net 7.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) 
* ✅ [Polyglot Notebooks for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.dotnet-interactive-vscode)

When the three items above are installed, this notebook should be formatted nicely with code blocks that have a little ▶️ (play) button next to them when you hover over the code. The "Polyglot Notebooks for VS Code" extension is what lets you run all the code snippets from within VS Code and serves as a little playground for your initial Semantic Kernel learnings.

Separate from installing software, you will need to have an API key to access the OpenAI models. 

* ✅ OpenAI key via [OpenAI](https://openai.com/product) or [Azure OpenAI Service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/quickstart). Access your API key on OpenAI with [these instructions](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/4936850-where-do-i-find-my-secret-api-key), or on Azure Open AI Service with [these instructions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/reference).

---

### 📘 After you have achieved all the 👆 prerequisites, open the notebooks in this repo from within Visual Studio Code and you are ready to to go!

---

# ⏭️ Looking for more advanced notebooks on Semantic Kernel?

Visit the Semantic Kernel GitHub repo at [https://aka.ms/sk/repo](https://aka.ms/sk/repo).

# 😱 Never used GitHub or Visual Studio Code before? No problem. 

For the fearless user wanting to learn new things, [we've got you](THE-BASICS.md).

Commit message:

Added LI Learning Course link

README.md, after:

# Experimental: Uncle John's Semantic Kernel Recipes

There's a free LinkedIn Learning course on Semantic Kernel available [here](https://aka.ms/sk/li/introducing-semantic-kernel).
---

## 📺 Available SK Recipes

* [S1E0 "Trailer: Ode To 🧂 Salt, 🥑 Fat, 🍋 Acid, 🔥 Heat"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e0-trailer)
* [S1E1 "Kernel 🔥 Starter Notebook"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e1-kernel
)
* [S1E2 "Semantic 🧂🔥 Skill Folders"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e2-skills)
* [S1E3 "Simple 🧂🥑🔥 'ChatGPT' Clone"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e3-chat)
* [S1E4 "Secrets To 🧂🔥 Prompting"](https://github.com/johnmaeda/SK-Recipes/tree/main/s1e4-secrets)
* ~~S1E5 "Chain Functions Together"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Skills](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/chat-summary-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E6 "Break Memory Limits"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Memories](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/github-qna-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E7 "Stay Fresh With APIs"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Connectors](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/auth-api-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E8 "Bonus: Planner Power"~~ / Impatient? Run [SK sample app for Planner](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel/tree/main/samples/apps/book-creator-webapp-react)
* ~~S1E9 "Epilogue"~~

#### John's to-do list:

- [ ] Add explanatory figures
- [ ] Include walkthrough videos
- [ ] Add Discord primer

---

This repo is a collection of `.ipynb` (aka "Jupyter notebook") files to be run locally from VS Code with the following requirements:

## 🏁 Prerequisites to getting started with the notebooks in this repo

> 😱 New to GitHub and VS Code? [Beginner instructions are over here.](THE-BASICS.md)

Software that needs to be installed on your computer:

* ✅ [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download)
* ✅ The latest [.Net 7.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) 
* ✅ [Polyglot Notebooks for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.dotnet-interactive-vscode)

When the three items above are installed, this notebook should be formatted nicely with code blocks that have a little ▶️ (play) button next to them when you hover over the code. The "Polyglot Notebooks for VS Code" extension is what lets you run all the code snippets from within VS Code and serves as a little playground for your initial Semantic Kernel learnings.

Separate from installing software, you will need to have an API key to access the OpenAI models. 

* ✅ OpenAI key via [OpenAI](https://openai.com/product) or [Azure OpenAI Service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/quickstart). Access your API key on OpenAI with [these instructions](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/4936850-where-do-i-find-my-secret-api-key), or on Azure Open AI Service with [these instructions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/reference).

---

### 📘 After you have achieved all the 👆 prerequisites, open the notebooks in this repo from within Visual Studio Code and you are ready to to go!

---

# ⏭️ Looking for more advanced notebooks on Semantic Kernel?

Visit the Semantic Kernel GitHub repo at [https://aka.ms/sk/repo](https://aka.ms/sk/repo).

# 😱 Never used GitHub or Visual Studio Code before? No problem. 

For the fearless user wanting to learn new things, [we've got you](THE-BASICS.md).
